Fixing external links returning 404 (part two) (#4254)
owncloud/docs: docs/checking-broken-links.md

To check docs, you first need to build the actual docs running ``yarn antora-local``. This creates all necessary files in the ``public`` directory.

Then run ``htmltest -s public`` in the root of docs/ to check the build. Note that it is not mandatory to have a webserver running like ``yarn serve``. The ``-s`` option skips external link checks which speeds up time a lot and reduces the output. To include external links, omit the ``-s`` option.

Note that ``htmltest`` checks the complete public/ directory including all products and all branches built. Due to this fact, you possibly get the same entries for each product/branch affected. As a rule of thumb, first look for `next` or latest branch entries like 10.8, fix the issue, backport it if necessary and restart the procedure.

> Note, to reduce false positives like 503 which are being reported by https://www.php.net/ links, filter the results for 404. Some, but only a view 404 results are false positves like `Google Playstore` links, the URL can be accessed on the browser without any issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, to reduce false positives like 503 which are being reported by https://www.php.net/ links, filter the results for 404. Some, but only a few 404 results are false positives like `Google Playstore` links, the URL can be accessed on the browser without any issues. 
```
